Text 1: The Second Wizarding War was a terrible catastrophe for the entire magical world. The number of people who died, how many lives were maimed... Some managed to recover mentally and physically, while for others, it was impossible. But May 2, 1998, will forever be etched in history. Ron Weasley was one of those people who managed to survive this nightmare. His wife, Hermione Granger, also did. The loss of his brother, Fred, haunted Ron, and he knew that he and his family would never fully recover from this trauma. Sometimes, it haunted him in nightmares. But today, for some reason, he saw a memory in his dream. It was a cold and unpleasant October back then. Ron and Hermione were walking through a construction store in search of paint for their bedroom. Granger, being more knowledgeable about the Muggle world, quickly noticed the right section. Naturally, Ron hurried after her. The young couple scrutinized the color palette with discerning eyes. They both noticed options that they would like. "Ron, look at this wonderful lilac! Agree, it's perfect for the bedroom?" "Hermione, what about this peach one? Don't you like it?" "Well, it's somewhat too pale..." "And lilac seems gloomy... Sweetheart, if you like it, we'll choose it, but..." "You're right, dear... Oh... I don't know what to choose then," the girl turned away disappointedly, shaking her luxurious chestnut hair slightly. The Second Wizarding War was a terrible catastrophe for the entire magical world. The number of people who died, how many lives were maimed... Some managed to recover mentally and physically, while for others, it was impossible. But May 2, 1998, will forever be etched in history. Ron Weasley was one of those people who managed to survive this nightmare. His wife, Hermione Granger, also did. The loss of his brother, Fred, haunted Ron, and he knew that he and his family would never fully recover from this trauma. Sometimes, it haunted him in nightmares. But today, for some reason, he saw a memory in his dream. It was a cold and unpleasant October back then. Ron and Hermione were walking through a construction store in search of paint for their bedroom. Granger, being more knowledgeable about the Muggle world, quickly noticed the right section. Naturally, Ron hurried after her. The young couple scrutinized the color palette with discerning eyes. They both noticed options that they would like. "Ron, look at this wonderful lilac! Agree, it's perfect for the bedroom?" "Hermione, what about this peach one? Don't you like it?" "Well, it's somewhat too pale..." "And lilac seems gloomy... Sweetheart, if you like it, we'll choose it, but..." "You're right, dear... Oh... I don't know what to choose then," the girl turned away disappointedly, shaking her luxurious chestnut hair slightly